---
layout: minutes
title: 2/3/21
subgroup: main
date: 2021-03-02
facilitator: Emma
notetaker: Spencer
--- 

<br>

## general updates

- no women representing researchers attending research meeting
	- post about this on slack?
- no researchers in comms meetings
- new role -- "consultant members"? 
- post again about the group, how it works
	- "SWC Needs You!"
- PIs remind their groups that this exists, is worthwhile
- reminder that the group should not be a massive amount of work per person, but spread across its members and according to their personal interests, skillsets, etc.

## subgroup updates

### careers

- resumed post Athena SWAN -- three actions:
  - jessica --> what accredited trainings would be useful for technical staff
    - how can we facilitate these trainings to be ongoing?
    - contact Amy or Jessica about these things
    - feedback about these from students, postdocs
    - these will be in-house
    - should be bottom-up driven for the students, postdocs
    - e.g. Open Science Certificate (Github, etc.)
  - synergize with athena swan sat members
    - make sure these teams are in alignment

### community

- no update

### comms

- working on policy document

### research

- two proposals to discuss post-faculty meeting
- other proposals ready to be engaged with
- open science!

## wellcome survey (joaquin)

- conducted by Shift Learning research agency
- all data is public -- open science!
- "research is a vocation, not a job"
- values? "inclusive, supportive, creative, collaborative, transparent, open"
- "how sustainable is this culture in the wrong run?
- what is "real quality"? 
  - discuss this in the research group
  - joaquin: to be really impactful, you need time
  - tom: reproducibility over time, intellectual insight  
  - what is true "impact"? 
- lack of career flexibility
  - have to optimize for a set of KPIs that may be misaligned
- lack of feedback from management ***
  - formal appraisals?
    - phd students don't get appraisals
  - do PIs get feedback from their students? NO -- discuss this ***
    - these meetings are purely research focused, need to be addressed! ***
- loneliness, anxiety, stress, isolation
  - 50% of researchers have experienced serious depression/anxiety, 30% have received help
  - has this affected your performance, influenced your science?
- suggestions
  - shift funding structures
  - training for mentorship and management ***
    - should this be mandatory *** -- part of the job / assessment?
    - points system of continuing education as part of assessment
  - formalize an "advisor + committee + mentor?" structure?
- work on the "human environment"
  - diversity, interaction, support and well-being
  - what can we practically do to advance this?
- communication group?
  - can this group focus on HOW to communicate effectively, mediation, etc ***

## romaine brette blogpost discussion
  
- comparing hodgkin huxley against "big science" is perhaps not a fair comparison
- flexible career paths might be the most important points to discuss? the most actionable thing to do... 
  - survey: what career paths exist and what should exist?
