---
layout: minutes
title: 23/2/21
subgroup: research
date: 2021-02-23
facilitator: Joaquin
notetaker: Spencer
--- 

- open questions:
	- what will be presented at the joint JCs/DCs?
	- how can we encourage attendance at JCs/DCs: bottom-up + top-down

- TODOs
	- SWC/GCNU Collaborative Journal Club
		- GCNU students are supportive of once a month collaborative JC
			- Confirm this with Maneesh and other Gatsby PIs (Joaquin)
		- Finalize the format per meeting
			- 2 people jointly present 1 paper/concept? -- trade off SWC/Gatsby?
		- Announce this as a new collaborative effort
			- HR announces and adds to SWC calendars
		- Identify one Gatsby + one SWC person as czars (Ana, Fred post on Slack to ask about czars?)
	- SWC Lab meeting
		- initialize the SWC lab meeting rota algorithm (Fred)
			- decide how presenters are chosen (pre-selected or PIs?)
			- present rota algorithm in faculty meeting this Friday 1:30pm (Fred) 
			- hand off to HR

- open science proposal
	- teach people how to effectively use Github
	- present to faculty at meeting on Friday
	- idea: infrastructure for code review

- collaboration survey (new proposal)
	- are you collaborating across SWC/GCNU now? If not, would you like to?
	- how specifically would your work benefit from collaboration with gcnu/swc?
	- negative question: what might prevent you from collaborating?
