---
layout: default
title: 26/1/21
subgroup: research
date: 2021-01-26
---

## Agenda 

- goal = push “quick win” proposals to completion
- reminder that portal is public
- portal demo (did we do this already?) — git GUI demo too?
	- check in — is this working for everyone?
	- how do we track todo tasks?
- update from philip et al. about slack channels
- update from fred et al. about data clubs / swc “lab meeting”

Decided not to address the portal and to focus on the proposals

## members present

- hernando
- spencer 
- philip
- tom
- hugo
- joaquin

## GENERAL TODOS

- add open science proposal to next week high priority @Spencer
- ask emma/april about a small slack demo -- comms group? @Philip ?
	- compose best practices and tips for slack to organize, join, @'s, etc.
	- run this through comms group for input, etc
- Discuss longform data clubs on Slack
	- @Joaquin feeds back from GCNU about data club?
	- @Ana weighs in?

## SLAXPERTISE TODOS

- @Emma think about an intro message to new users to have a list of all channels
- figure out tunnelling thing for shared channels (like ithc-computing)
	- liase with @Hugo and @Ana 
- new channels announcement at town hall
	- channel names and lists, policy around adding/leaving
	- all researchers will be added (not PS staff)
- will people engage with these channels? how can we encourage?
- make the point that we want this discussion should be in place of DMs 

## Data/Non-Data Clubs Notes
- weekly schedule rota, explicitly non-polished, default internsl
- what happened to hour-long data clubs (more opt-in, longform)
	- discuss this on slack

## D/ND Club TODOS
- new weekly rota needs to be built
- how open should these be?
	- default "closed", but up to the presenter
	- "should this be open or internal?"
- rename this SWC/GCNU Lab Meeting?
- change to 15+10 mins
- make explicit the description and purpose of this meeting
	- encourage dialogue, feedback
