---
layout: minutes
title: 9/3/21
subgroup: research
date: 2021-03-09
facilitator: Hernando
notetaker: Spencer
--- 

- Privacy issues with Portal
	- Exposing private discussion into public domain is a risk
	- Trying to police this over natural institute churn, adding new members is a challenge
		- specifically, possible external speaker list and discussion around this
	- For now: make sure that it's clear with disclaimer that everything on the portal and in the repository is totally public
	- Consensus: we want it to be private externally, open within SWC/GCNU
	- Options
		- use the wiki -- already set up, secure, etc.
			- means shifting to that platform, not as tailored to our work
		- ramp up github with SSO, incorporate this into IT managed
			- means more cost and work for IT
	- We aren't sure about GitHub vs. wiki
		- both seem to be a psychological block
		- continue to discuss on Slack

- SWC/GCNU Lab Meeting 
	- How do we enforce attendance? How do we tackle this?
		- Start with the meetings, see how well-attended they are
	- Ask Tom to discuss this directly with faculty?

- Conscious decision about regular project meetings (Philip)
	- Philip ad hoc survey of PhD students
	- What exists
		- Research Student Log
		- Thesis Committee
		- Code of Practice (expectations, meeting timetable)
	- Problems: 
		- PIs don't seem to read the student log (is this true?), so students go unmotivated
		- Students don't complete the log until right before the viva
	- We have tools, but they aren't being used
		- Policing probably isn't the answer...
		- Proposal: Lena+Klara have a discussion with faculty about how to proceed, their ideas and thoughts
	- Questions 
		- How can we best communicate student needs with respect to encouragement, motivation, structure? 
		- How do we help students/staff recognize that this is in everyone's best interest?
		- How to communicate clearly the PI's role? HR's role?
		- Is there need for another mentor-type role?
		- What kind of structure / policies / meetings / communications can be created that engage students and PIs to best work together?
