minutes

hernando
spencer 
philip
tom
hugo
joaquin

SLAXPERTISE TODOS

- make a intro message to new users to have a list of all channels
- figure out tunnelling thing for shared channels (like ithc-computing)
	- liase with hugo and ana 
- announcement at town hall
	- channel names and lists, policy around adding/leaving
- make sure all researchers are added (not PS staff)
- will people engage with these channels? how can we encourage?
- make the point that we want this discussion should be in place of DMs 

GENERAL TODO
- add open science proposal to next week high priority
- ask emma/april about a small slack demo -- comms group?
	- best practices around slack to organize, join, @s, etc.
	- come up with list of slack best practices, tips, etc.
	- run this through comms group
- Joaquin feeds back from GCNU about data club part

Data/Non-Data Clubs
- weekly schedule rota, explicitly non-polished, default internsl
- what happened to hour-long data clubs (more opt-in, longform)
	- discuss this on slack

TODOS
- new weekly rota needs to be built
- how open should these be?
	- default "closed", but up to the presenter
	- "should this be open or internal?"
- rename this SWC/GCNU Lab Meeting?
- change to 15+10 mins
- make explicit the description and purpose of this meeting
	- encourage dialogue, feedback