---
layout: default
title: 8/2/21
---

# steve's thoughts
- protocols -- can we write these up?
- put protocols on the wiki -- links on slack channels?
- which of these can be standardized
# gatsby/swc club update
- goal: more joint activities
- problem is e.g. gatsby students --> discussing work of swc students without the swc student present
- we have lots of separate meetings, lets make at least one a month shared
- is this journal club or data club?
	- this is internal work!
	- our work, our papers, ideas, etc
- **stress that this is informal, conceptual, discussion-oriented**
- up to two people
- basically:
	- swc will have 4x building-wide lab meetings per month
	- 1 of these meetings per month is joint with gatsby, shared rota
unknowns:
- gatsbyers must decide if they want an extra meeting (probably not) or how they can make one of their existing meetings
once we know where gatsby:
- **make a shared rota for this? (one rota to rule them all?)**
# swc lab meeting
- being able to bring lunch / eat it while watching is a necessary incentive
- we're all pro-zoom for the talks, to make it more available
- options for meeting structures
	- per month : 1 long meeting per month, 2 swc split meetings, 1 gatsby/swc split meeting
	- the rota is organized by lab, and the lab decides what they want to do (split or long or whatever)
# simons collab mentoring
- joaquin sends this on slack
# open science
- PIs need a conversation about how they will endorse this
- generate a policy for how this is accepted by the institute
- instead of forcing from top-down -- emphasize the importance of this from top-down, but encourage rather than demand
- joaquin speaks to faculty meeting: "we as a building encourage this, it's important, can you give a supportive word to your phds and postdocs about these courses, trainings"